Important travel & safety information:Travel & Safety Information

TICKET SALES
Tickets are sold in Anacortes for round-trip passage.  
All ticket sales & punch card validation will cease one minute prior 
to scheduled sailing time. LATE ARRIVALS WILL NOT BE  
ACCOMMODATED.

MULTI-RIDE PUNCH CARDS
Multi-ride punch cards are available for purchase at the  
Anacortes terminal between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. only, or can be 
ordered online, by phone, or by mail.  See skagitcounty.net/
ferry for more information and an order form. 

BOARDING AND LOADING
All passengers are required to remain in designated  
passenger waiting areas while the vessel is loading or  
unloading. 
It is illegal to drive on to the ferry while talking on a cell 
phone.
Do not drive aboard the ferry with children on the driver’s 
lap. Even a slight misjudgment could result in damage or 
injury.
When driving on the ferry, shut off all vehicle lights. Vehicle 
lights make the loading process difficult for the crew. 
Shut off your engine and set your emergency brake. At no 
time shall engines be left running during the crossing.
Keep car doors closed until the vessel is loaded. Opening 
doors in a lane being loaded can result in delays, damage or 
injury. 
Do not walk between cars, especially during loading,  
unloading and landings. A hard landing could result in the 
movement of cars, thus threatening possible injury for  
people who may be in between vehicles. 
Keep animals on leashes at all times.


PARKING
For your convenience, a 72-hour parking lot is available 
in Anacortes, at 6th Street and K Avenue, for Guemes 
Island Ferry passengers.

SAFETY
Your safety is our concern!   Walk-on passengers should 
remain in the designated passenger waiting areas until 
directed by the crew. Walk-on passengers should not be on 
the bridge structure while the ferry is landing or when the 
bridge is being raised or lowered. 
Please park bicycles and motorcycles where directed by  
the crew. Motorcyclists must remain with their bike at all 
times. Please be prepared to keep your bike stable during 
the crossing and in changing conditions. Bicycles and  
motorcycles ride at their own risk.
Open containers of alcohol are prohibited per WA state 
law. Skagit County reserves the right to refuse passage to 
anyone who is obviously intoxicated or impaired.
Up to two, 6-gallon portable gasoline containers are 
allowed only in open beds of trucks or on open trailers, 
provided they are in good condition, declared to the crew, 
and capped and stowed properly.
For additional safety information, visit  
www.skagitcounty.net/ferry.

PAYMENT
NO CASH. Accepted forms of payment are punch card, and  
credit or debit card ONLY. 
FERRY HOLIDAYS: New Years Day, Memorial Day, Fourth of July,  
Labor Day, Thanksgiving, Christmas. See schedule for details.
